feat(): add linting documentation (#360)
amido/amido.github.io: docs/linting/eslint.md

---
id: eslint
title: Stacks Linting
sidebar_label: Stacks Linting
description: Using stacks with ESlint
keywords:
  - Nx
  - monorepo
  - stacks
  - Generator
  - Executor
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Code linting is the process of using automated tools called linters to analyse source code for potential errors, stylistic inconsistencies, and violations of coding standards or best practices. Linters are designed to assist developers in identifying issues within their codebase without executing the code

By using code linting tools, development teams can catch errors early, maintain coding standards, and produce high-quality, consistent code. This leads to more efficient development, easier collaboration, and reduced chances of introducing bugs and other issues into the codebase.

> 

Reviewer: Adding an additional note and link to say that the foundations for linting, both natively and in CI/CD, are configured by the @ ensono-stacks/workspace:init and @ ensono-stacks/workspace:init-deployment respectively would be beneficial here.

Author: Updated

By using code linting tools, development teams can catch errors early, maintain coding standards, and produce high-quality, consistent code. This leads to more efficient development, easier collaboration, and reduced chances of introducing bugs and other issues into the codebase.

:::info

> Linting tools in Stacks for CI/CD are setup and configured by the [@ensono-stacks/workspace:init](https://stacks.amido.com/docs/nx/workspace/ensono-stacks-workspace#ensono-stacksworkspaceinit) and [@ensono-stacks/workspace:init-deployment](https://stacks.amido.com/docs/nx/workspace/ensono-stacks-workspace#ensono-stacksworkspaceinit-deployment) generators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linting tools in Stacks are setup and configured by the [@ensono-stacks/workspace:init](https://stacks.amido.com/docs/nx/workspace/ensono-stacks-workspace#ensono-stacksworkspaceinit) generator. Linting in CI/CD is configured by the [@ensono-stacks/workspace:init-deployment](https://stacks.amido.com/docs/nx/workspace/ensono-stacks-workspace#ensono-stacksworkspaceinit-deployment) generator.
```
